<h1>Flo Char</h1>


<h3>Problem</h3>
<p>Most people will face difficult decisions within their life and there are varying levels of advice on the internet depending on the type of decision to be made. A lot of the sources of advice on the internet that currently exist are from single sources and the content may be unhelpful or biased. Also, many of the suggestions provided by internet sources require significant time to read and may contain irrelevant information to the problem wanting to be solved. Sources like Quora or Yahoo Answers are not always the best solution for people looking for advice for the aforementioned reasons. We want to provide a simple way for users to learn from the collective knowledge of people who have faced similar decisions in their own lives.
</p>
<h3>Problem Analysis</h3>
<p>The proposed solution should be easy to use, and the end result should be simple to interact with and understand advice that is both quality controlled and unbiased. We decided a good way to achieve these goals would be to use the wisdom of the masses to create visual guides that can be easily interpreted by anyone. This led us to the format of decision flowcharts, which already exist but are not easily creatable, let alone with vast data to build their structures and visuals in a rigorous way. We want this tool to be usable by everyone, so the application must have a simple interface. The website should also attract all types of problems and topics, so the design and functionality should be content agnostic.
</p>
<h3>Proposed Solution</h3>
<p> proposed solution to this problem is a website called FloChar.com. The main goal of this site is to generate decision making flowcharts based on users created and answered surveys. Users that are facing a tough decision can create a survey asking questions about relevant attribute and influences that they feel may be important in making their decision. Responders can then answer these survey questions, saying how much the different attributes applied to them when they faced the same decision, and then provide their final decision and perhaps whether they think it was a good decision in hindsight. After sometime, these answers will be collated and run through a decision tree learner algorithm to produce a clear and concise decision tree flowchart that can be reviewed by anybody on the internet. This solution should allow for formated, relevant, and easy to reference advice.
Also, we hope to develop a special research oriented side of the website for researchers to use for a source of free, preformatted data on decision making. This data would be useful for psychology, sociology, economics, and AI research amongst other fields.
</p>
<h3>Use</h3>
<p>Navigate to the FloChar Website. Create an account if you don't already have one. Go to the <i>ask a question</i> page and fill out the form. Go to the <i>question form</i> page, view other questions, and answer a few quizes.
Finally, you can view a decision tree for each question that has several user responses. This is generated by our powerful AI software.</p>
